{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18140\viewh13460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi Paul and\'a0Riley\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
Autospace is a MS explorer only. \
\
\
\
\
INFORM PEOPLE THAT IT IS CLICKABLE / MOUSE  / CHANGE MOUSE CURSOR TO HAND/CLICK  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 BLURRED BACKGROUND TEXTBOX. // GLASS BACKGROUND \cf2 \
\
\
- TEXTBOX WIDER, to AVOID SCROLLING \
- MOLES AND INTRODUCTION ARE DIFFERENT PAGES.  Introduction First \
- DARKEN BACKGROUND GREY \
- BUTTON: CHILDREN OF MARX AND ZOOM (NO MORE COVID 19) \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1. Main Title and Menu: This needs to be a clear title and menu bar - below which all the other pieces load, edge to ege.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Title:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rileyd.grant@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 @Riley Grant}}\'a0\'a0please can you send Paul:\
1. Font you want for the title\
2. How you want it to look in layout - two lines, size weighting, background color, font color, etc.\
\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:paul@ponguibou.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 @Paul Sika}}\'a0you need to simply replicate what Riley sends you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Menu:
\f0\b0 \
I see the menu has moved below the text area? Please move it back up again under the title bar.\'a0 DONE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rileyd.grant@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 @Riley Grant}}\'a0\'a0please can you send Paul:\
1.\'a0 A mock up of what you want the buttons to look like ... \
- Button color - including down and active colors\
- Button shape and size,\'a0\
- Font and spacing\'a0you want for the buttons.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Blurred Lines Section:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:paul@ponguibou.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 @Paul Sika}}\'a0this to start heading towards the design that Riley sent, lets try bring into into alignment. Which means:\
1. Background Color: the page needs to be the mid grey color that is present in Riley's design.\'a0\
2. Section Size:The section needs to be responsive to page size and full edge to edge from left to right and down from under the title and menu bar to the bottom of the page.\
3. Blurred lines image title - needs to be
\f1\b \'a0over\'a0
\f0\b0 of the interactive canvas - in the same placement as in Riley's design.\'a0\
4. Text Box\'a0\
- needs to be bigger and\'a0
\f1\b over
\f0\b0 \'a0the interactive canvas in the same size as in Riley's design.\'a0\
- The border line size needs to be 1 point and light grey,\'a0\
- the background color needs to be transparent (we can bring in a low opacity background color later),\'a0\
- the text needs to be white (we can shift this one we see how it looks)\
- also I noticed that you had bits of html that where not reading <p> etc. due to the way you where\'a0referring the text, so please fix this.\'a0\'a0\
5. Physics "Islands"\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 This is really not working for me, the way you are developing the "blobs" are very very far away from what Riley's vision is. This is what needs to change:\
- The blob dynamic is not working, i think you need to use a flocking\'a0particles instead that form and move round the grid rather\'a0than the polygons - which don't look good and are very jumping and glitchy. See here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://editor.p5js.org/codingtrain/sketches/ry4XZ8OkN"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://editor.p5js.org/codingtrain/sketches/ry4XZ8OkN}}\'a0\
---- in this example if you move the settings you can see how the varibales can be moved to get the flocking in blobs\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 --- if you change the background to the mid grey, draw the grid over it you it will be good. The grid needs to be more stable like the first one you made.\
--- The particles can be light grey and maybe slightly transparent, the separate particles still working in the blurred lines concept.\'a0\
3. It also needs to edge to edge below the main title and menu bar and run to the bottom of the screen - it will need to be page responsive.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rileyd.grant@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 @Riley Grant}}\cb3 \'a0 please send the title bar features to Paul\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:paul@ponguibou.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 @Paul Sika}}\cb3 \'a0\'a0let me know when you have done the updates!\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Thanks,\cb1 \
\cb3 Tegan\cb1 \
}